Oh
No
door
Oh
hey
whoa
why
Oh
oh yeah
ah
Oh
ha energetic great dance moves fantastic
tax fools keyboard player play on the
road and already yeah but my favorite
part was that he pronounced Gina China
so that season I stuffing my friend uh
yeah amazing energy wrote evil words
holy shit that doesn't happen very often
um yeah it was just it was amazing
moments but seriously checker shut up
Alex lotta people plot this King shut
about that I'm saying no one tonight has
been playing the keyboards that's all I
love you yes dota 2 to be yeah there's
lots of fun it was a nine-car this
keyboard I'm doing this okay good it
cuts like a rainy day funds Tommy would
be proud gentlemen to go with
performance I've ever seen assigned
gymnastic Russian and the nautical
themes to the song gentlemen get his
head
I thought there was a wonderful
performance at a fine way to close out
the night and I think it's going to be
very hard to pick I know who the top
three our shirts gonna deliberations
here to be tough and I'm just talking
about two tenths of a point because I
can nine-point I like saying I wasn't
gonna ask you to say something need to
me but just now I I asked my boyfriend
if I looks like a hooker and he goes a
little bit I wasn't did i do like
yourself I do but men I'm gonna give you
a hint when your girlfriend asks you you
look like a hooker you to say no but
like a superclass in one like an
expensive one two things today is Boston
or like on you're not telling the whole
story in case you somebody's if you will
take a pretty hunger after I looked sad
mad hookers are the prettiest
sooo i was going to make some kind of
pearl necklace joke but it seemed a
little obvious Wow so now I'm gonna let
y'all folks i buy a horrible rancid
awful kodiak your ugly i don't know what
else that's really the best you can do
Hey ugly your where like a piece of shit
they got fucked by hobo Brad what's your
best in your Boston pretty fun ah well
like worcester pretty
that's two inside for me is I from
Dorchester so Dorchester in Worcester
ready all right I'm bowling for fear
bring us it's like a toddy pretty tell
you guys fuck that means while we're
deciding our prizes a Drake and Aaron
are gonna give away t-shirts yeah yeah